Update Read Me file with clarifications and grammar corrections (#1)
getyoti/yoti-android-challenge: README.md

# Guideline
The candidate is free to implement the solution in any way that consider appropriated but bear in mind that we 
in Yoti love well designed, clear and simple code. SOLID principles and Clean Architecture are fundamental concepts in our development philosophy.

Below some points and tips that we evaluate:
- The functionality needs to be testable, and adding different types of tests as the candidate consider appropriated is not only a very positive bonus but almost a requirement. The absence of tests can be a very strong factor to fail this exercise.
- The presentation layer can be implemented following any of the industry well known patterns: MVVM, MVP, etc. 
  Although is not mandatory, using one of these paradigms is a positive point in the evaluation.
- Use any third party library not included in the project if needed.

> - The webserver API used in this exercise can return frequently errors when many requests (sometimes just a few) are performed with the same API address. Take this into account as part of the exercise to treat errors properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The webserver API used in this exercise can frequently return errors when many requests (sometimes just a few) are performed from the same IP address. Take this into account as part of the exercise to treat errors properly.
```
